Updated Docs for LB6 (#72)
chickensoft-games/chickensoft_site: content/docs/logic_blocks/tutorial/beeping.mdx

    this.OnExit(() => Output(new Output.StopBeepingSound()));
  }

  public Type On(in Input.StartStopButtonPressed input) =>
    To<Idle>();
}
```

Don't forget to register `Beeping` in the logic block constructor:

```csharp
public TimerLogic() {
  Set(new TimerLogic.Data() { Duration = 30.0d });
  Set(new TimerState.PoweredOff());
  Set(new TimerState.PoweredOn.Idle());
  Set(new TimerState.PoweredOn.Countdown());
  Set(new TimerState.PoweredOn.Beeping()); // add this
  Set<IClock>(new MyClock());
}
```

> Outputs are just objects that are sent to the logic block's bindings. They can be used to communicate with anything that is interested in the logic block without the logic block states having to know about them directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outputs are structs that are sent through the logic block's bindings. Outputs allow logic block states to drive external systems without awareness of them (i.e., outputs are a side-effect mechanism).

Outputs must be structs to avoid unnecessary heap allocations.
```
